Add basic migration guide from v1 to v2 (#946)
bufbuild/protobuf-es: MANUAL.md

[packages/protoplugin-example](packages/protoplugin-example). It generates Twirp clients for your services, and also
uses [custom options](#custom-options).

## Migrating from version 1

> Compared to version 1, version 2 provides many new features around reflection, and support for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version 2 provides many new features around reflection, and support for
```

[Protobuf editions][protobuf.dev/editions].

The biggest change is that the generated code no longer uses classes. To create a new instance, you call the function
`create()` and pass the generated schema:

```diff
- import { User } from "./gen/example_pb";
+ import { create } from "@bufbuild/protobuf";
+ import { UserSchema } from "./gen/example_pb";

- let user = new User({
+ let user = create(UserSchema, {
  firstName: "Homer",
});
```

> Methods like `toBinary` and `toJson` are no longer attached to the object. Similar to `create()`, they are simple

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Methods like `toBinary` and `toJson` are no longer attached to the object. Similar to `create()`, they're simple
```

> functions that you call with two arguments: the schema, and the message:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
functions that you call with two arguments: the schema and the message:
```

```diff
import type { User } from "./gen/example_pb";
+ import { UserSchema } from "./gen/example_pb";
+ import { toJsonString } from "@bufbuild/protobuf";

function show(user: User) {
-  alert(user.toJsonString());
+  alert(toJsonString(UserSchema, user));
}
```

> The generated properties remain largely unchanged. There are just two improvements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The generated properties remain largely unchanged. There are two improvements:
```

- A message field using [`google.protobuf.Struct`](#googleprotobufstruct) is generated as `JsonObject`.
- Proto2 fields support default values now and are no longer generated as optional properties.

> Plugin options change to more convenient default behavior:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Plugin options now have more convenient default behavior:
```

> - [`import_extension`](#import_extension) is now `none` by default, which means we do not add a `.js` extension to import

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`import_extension`](#import_extension) is now `none` by default, which means we don't add a `.js` extension to import
```
